Well, here'a little Hanako story I wanted to tell for a while... more should be coming later. Hope you can enjoy it. :)

Part 1 - Flight 

I feel a bit excited as the plane takes off from the Narita runway. Trough the window on my right hand side I see the ground getting farther and farther away until we break though the clouds. Hisao is sitting slumped backwards in his seat, gazing wearily in front of him. He was working late correcting exams yesterday, and we had to wake up early in the morning to make it to airport in time. I touch his arm and smile lightly to him to try and cheer him up.

"Hisao, isn’t it wonderful! I feel like our life together has finally begun!" I say
"Yes, it’s great, Hanako, it’s great. But I had hoped to be in a better shape..." he says as he yawns widely.
"Y-you are working very hard. So please relax a bit now. We can enjoy together once we have arrived." I say.
"I think I will do that. I’ll take a nap if you don’t mind." he says.
"Please, do so" I say.

He nods, pushes his seat backwards and closes his eyes. In less than a minute he’s already dozed off. Teachers are just as busy as regular employees. They have to correct homework, tests and exams, and prepare for class every day. Hisao's a science teacher now. And he’s just started in that school, so he has to work hard to prove himself. In the evenings, he’s often worn down. But I wish...

We’ve reached cruising altitude and the the entertainment system turns on. I don’t feel tired yet, so maybe I should play a game? Or watch a movie? "Sex and the city"... hmm, the other movies look boring, so I guess I’ll just watch this one... This is interesting! I focus on the screen, and barely notice the stewardess who passes by for drink service. I don’t take my eyes off the screen as I lower my table, and put the pretzels, my glass of wine and Hisao’s can of beer on it. I keep on watching, engrossed until the credits roll.

I take off my earphones. Those ladies in the movie.. they really seem happy... Carry has some problems, but finally gets married to her Mr. Big. Even Charlotte has ...sex with her husband three times per week... And Samantha seems to enjoy it a lot, even with her boyfriend... I wish I could also... I take a glance at Hisao...

I frown. It wasn’t very nice of Miranda though not to have sex with her husband for three months... Five months... it’s five moths ago since we... Samantha left her boyfriend in the movie because she wasn’t happy with his .. performance. But I could never do that! I would never throw Hisao away! But still...

I know he’s very busy with his work. And it’s been hectic even from before we got married. We had to find an apartment, choose furniture, arrange the rooms. We wanted a simple wedding party, but so many people from Yamaku and university came, that at the end of the day Hisao was so tired from entertaining the guests that we also didn’t...

"Come on, keep your chin up", I whisper to myself. This is our honeymoon! Hisao can relax first, and then we will be able to ... have fun ... perhaps even two or three times per day. "Three times per day, ...that’s twenty one times!" I think hopefully.

Suddenly I remember something I’d rather not. I sigh dejectedly. Twenty three times. In the six years we are together we only did that... twenty three times... I don’t know what makes me most sad, that it was so few, or that I can actually remember how many times it was. Of course, after Yamaku, we went to different universities, so we couldn’t meet very often. And we where both very busy after graduating to find a job. But still...

I remember how awkward the first time was. But now we are more experienced, and I really enjoy being together with Hisao like that. And Hisao also always looks like he is enjoying himself as well, and that makes me happy. But he never shows much initiative. I always have to drag him off to a room and strip before he understood what I want. So I worry... maybe I’m not very exciting to him?

I really feel I need Hisao, I'm very much attracted to him physically as well. Even before I met him, I would do... something myself, sometimes, when I was lying alone in bed. It was the only thing that comforted me a little when I was in tears. I still felt lonely, but I could relax and I felt like some of my stress was relieved. No, not sometimes, I must be honest to myself... more like every day! But then, I was alone, and a virgin, so I didn’t know what it was like to be with a man. But now I know and ... doing something alone just isn’t the same at all. I need Hisao... badly! Of if only I could just ask him... just say those shameful words...

I squeeze my eyes closed and put my hands up as if praying.
"Please fuck me!" Oh, no I didn’t intend that to come out out loud! Actually, I even shout a bit! I look up at the startled stewardess who just asked me what I’d like for dinner...
"S-sorry! I mean..., eh, f-fish for me and m-meat for my h-husband, P-PLEASE!" I shout even louder.
She blinks once and then lowers Hisao’s table, puts my dinner on my table and Hisao’s on his. Then she leaves with a curious smile on her face. Hisao slowly wakes up from my shouting.
"Oh, it’s already dinner time?" he says.
"You had a nice nap? I ordered the meat for you because you were asleep." I say.
"Oh thank you, I’ll tuck in right away" he smiles.

And with that our conversation is over as soon as it starts. So I take out my fork and knife and start eating the dinner as well. I finish eating the main course and I take out the chocolate dessert. But my mind wanders off again. With the spoon in my mouth, I suddenly imagine putting Hisao's ... thing in there... No! It’s not going to work out well if it stays like this between Hisao and me! But I must not give up! After all those problems I had before, these should be the happiest days of my life! Just like before, I’ll hang in there and find a way to solve this problem as well!

Part 2 - Landing 

I empty my second glass of wine. I see Hisao's beer can is also empty. Everyone is about done with dinner now. The stewardesses busily pass by to pick up the garbage. They turn off the lights inside the airplane. Most people simply lean back and go to sleep. Hisao tells me he'll be gone for a while and goes to the toilets.

The stewardess passes by, sees that I'm still awake, and suddenly talks to me. "Japanese passengers are easy to take care of. We just turn off the lights and they fall asleep." she says.
"Ah y-yes, that must be e-easy." I say.
"Almost everyone is asleep now, so I'm sure nobody would notice if you ... went to help your husband." she says with a wink, then walks away. I can't believe what I just heard! These foreign ladies are so ... bold! And that even a stewardess would encourage me...

I think about Hisao in the toilets. I could go in there and then... yes! But what if someone sees me go in? Or what if someone hears me? It would be so embarrassing! But still, I feel like I'm going to explode!
"Father, mother, give me courage!", I pray silently. I stand up from my seat, and walk to the door. Suddenly the door opens and Hisao steps out.
"Ah, you also have to go?" he says.
"Y-yes, but..." I say
"I'll head back then. We have to be careful no one steals our stuff." he says.

Disappointing! I just nod as Hisao walks back to the seat. I enter the toilet, take off my skirt and panties and sit down. I finish peeing and take a piece of paper to wipe. I notice it's quite hard and slick... My finger slides over my sensitive spot. No, no, not now! Ah, but... why cant I stop my hand from moving!? I start rubbing, and I silently count my strokes. Already at nineteen... I have to stifle a yelp as I come. Then I sigh. That was really too much...

Disappointed again, I stand up, put my clothes on, and head back. Hisao lets me slip in my seat and gives me a smile. He doesn't seem to notice my flush.
"It's a very long flight isn't it." he says. I just nod.
"But I don't mind because I get to spend every hour of it with you." he says. I smile back at him.
"I feel the same as you, Hisao.", and I give him a quick peck on the cheek. I feel happy, but I just want a bit more... Still, I can't seem to find a way to tell him about my needs.

He raises his eyebrows and turns to the small screen in front of him.
"Let's see what movies are on this thing." he says.
"Sex and the City" I blurt out. Hisao looks a bit startled.
"I-I mean, it's a fun movie. I just watched it, I think you will like it too." I say.
"Oh, I see, I'll watch it then." he says. He turns on the screen and starts watching the movie. It's a long flight indeed. The plane gently rocks trough and fro. The wine is getting to me, and I feel tired after relieving myself. I close my eyes for a moment...

"Please perpare for landing." the voice of the pilot over the PA system wakes me with a start.
Hisao sit next to me, awake "Good morning!" he says. "I watched that movie, but I couldn't sleep well, I already slept too much before...". He yawns a bit. "But you seemed to be sleeping very well. You looked very cute." he smiles tiredly.
"So you do like watching sleeping girls, Hisao?" I joke.
"Only you!" he says.

After that, the happy mood evaporates, and I just stare in front of me as the plane descends. We're shaken a bit as the airplane lands on the tarmac. Hisao and I take our belongings, and make our way out of the plane, past the immigration inspection, to the luggage pickup. We take our luggage, leave the airport and hop into a taxi. Today the highway is not very busy, so after a short ride we arrive at our destination. We pay the driver, get our luggage and enter the hotel. The clerk checks our reservation and hands us the key of the honeymoon suite with a smile.

We ride the elevator up, and just out of the top floor, is the door of the suite. Hisao unlocks it and opens it gallantly for me.
"Oh, how nice of you!" I say pleasantly surprised.
"I read a bit about European culture." he says. "It seems here it's polite to open a door for a lady."
With a smile, I pull the suitcase behind me and walk in. Hisao follows, closes the door and walks to the bathroom right away.
"I feel a bit sweaty from the plane, so if you don't mind I'll take a quick shower." he says.
"Oh, certainly, please take a shower." I answer.

I open the suitcases and I can hear running water in the bathroom. I unpack the essentials and set the suitcases aside. Maybe the water will perk Hisao right up? I quickly take some underwear with me, and head over to the bathroom. I see Hisao stand in the shower, his shoulders a bit slumped.
"I'm sorry Hanako, I'm still tired from the flight". Frustrated I slap my face with my hand.
"Are you ok?" he asks.
"I-I'm f-fine, .. please relax, Hisao. Don't wory, I'll take care of unpacking." "Thank you, Hanako, you're really a very caring wife." he says and walks out of the bathroom. I can hear him lie down on the bed.

"Thank you Hisao", I sigh. Hisao is a nice husband. He's very kind, honest and reliable. I want to be a good wife for him. But sometimes I wish he was a naughty boy and I his bad girl... It looks like today too ... that won't happen...


( Research notes: The Galler shop is on 114, boulevard Haussmann paris. 
I'll asssume that they have a hotel near Saint Augustain metro station, perhaps
the Best Western Premier Opera Diamond 4, rue de la Pépinière, Champs-Élysées, 
75008 Paris, since it would be plausible to pass by the chocolate shop on the
way to the metro station like that, and the hotel is 4 star and sufficently
luxurious.)


Part 3 -- Eylsium

Hisao is taking a nap on the bed. I finish unpacking and start reading the tourist guide we've brought. With small sticky paper markers we have marked the places we would like to visit. Many Japanese couples go on honeymoon in Hawaii. But I can't very well go on the beach or for a swim. Though I fell less self-conscious about the scars on my face, and I don't wear a cap anymore when I go out, I still don't want anyone but Hisao to see those on my body. And I don't like the heat, it makes my skin pull.

So we decided to go to old Europe, to one the most romantic city on earth. Paris! As I page though the book, I notice one place that catches my attention... if I go there, maybe I can finally gather the courage to talk to Hisao and be honest about what I want. I know it's difficult for us. We're both not very comfortable to talk about the subject. And in Japan, there are many married couples who have such a problem. 

"Sexless" they call it... I shudder at the thought. I don't want that to happen to Hisao and me! I'm sorry Hisao, your heart must cause you problems... And with my body like that it must be hard for you to get excited about me... Maybe, I have be more sexy myself? Usually, I just take my clothes off and then let him do all the work... Maybe that's why Hisao is getting bored of me?

I look ahead of me at the TV screen. I suddenly realize that this is a hotel, so they may have that kind of channel... I turn on the TV, turn the volume down, and after a bit of zapping I find the channel I was looking for. This European stuff is really explicit! They don't even put a raster over it!

But I never watched this kind of stuff before, so I'm a bit surprised to see how they go at it. I cock my head to the side in amazement. She's licking him, and then takes his ...thing completely inside her mouth... Can you really do that? Then, she sits on top of him taking his ...thing, inside her... I watch with my mouth agape as I see her riding him.

"What time is it now?" Hisao says. I look at him as he sits up, and he looks looks at me. Or rather he looks past me, at the screen, with amazement rising on his face. I blush, quickly turn around and switch off the TV.
"D-did you sleep well?" I say as I look on my watch.
"I-It's half past one in the afternoon." I say.
Hisao doesn't ask anything about what he saw, for which I'm grateful.
"Yes, thanks, Hanako. But looks like we'll be too late for lunch. We should go out now and see if we can't find a nice place." he says.
"A-ah, yes, of course." I say.

He gets up. We get ready and head out. But there doesn't seem to be any interesting restaurants around.
"Hisao, I want to see the Champs Elisees... there must be some nice restaurants there. L-let's walk to the metro station. I think I know the way." I say.
"Hanako, that's a good idea." We walk along the lane past a Starbucks, but I'm not really interested, we have those in Japan too. Then after walking about five minutes we cross the street and turn the corner.
"There's the metro entrance!" Hisao points out as he paces over to the stairs. But my eye catches the window of a small white shop. "Galler" is written above it.

"W-wait, Hisao!" I say as I look longingly at the delicious items. Hisao also notices the shop.
"Ah yes, you love those, don't you? And we have to buy travel presents too, so let's take a look inside!" he says. He's right. When we come back to Japan our colleagues, friend and Hisao's family will expect us to bring back some presents for them. So we buy a dozen of small boxes as gifts. And I get one big box and six bars for myself. The shop clerk helpfully packs it all in a big paper bag.
"Should I bring these back to the hotel?" Hisao asks helpfully. "I'd rather not go back, Hisao, and the weather's not very hot. Let's go in the metro." I say.

We head down, as Hisao carries the bag. We ride the metro and get out at the George V station. We head up and find ourselves in the middle of the famous street, just next to the Lido. We start walking toward the Triumph Arch. Although we see a few fancy restaurants, the menus doesn't have any photos, and neither of us understand any French. I'm really getting hungry now, so when I see a local hamburger restaurant, I beckon Hisao over and we go inside. We manage to order by pointing at the photos in the shop. We go sit down at a tiny table in a quiet corner, facing each other.

I take a bite from my fish burger and Hisao nibbles on his beef burger.
"Well, I should eat healthier food than this." he smiles. I bow my head.
"Hisao, I-I'm sorry if don't like it. I c-couldn't wait anymore. I j-just had to eat something!" I apologize.
"Hanako, please don't apologize." he says as smiles. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you before, but I actually like fast food. And I love hamburgers. But I can only eat them occasionally for ... you know." 

Relieved I straighten myself and smile back at him.
"I never knew... Thank you for telling me." And with that we continue eating our lunch.  I slurp my drink with a straw and I notice that behind Hisao's back, a young couple are kissing each other. On the mouth, with their tongues fooling around! And they keep going on and on, just where everyone can see them! I space out a bit as imagine Hisao and me doing the same...

"Hanako, You OK?" he says. Startled, I squirt some cola all over Hisao's face.
"Ah, sorry, .. I was just..." I stutter.
"No, I'm sorry to startle you." Hisao says as he wipes his face with a napkin. I embarrassedly gaze at him, and cover my face with my hand. But Hisao just breaks out in laughter. Seeing the silliness of the situation soon I start giggling together with him.

"Another good memory for us, huh?" he says.
"Y-yes, another good memory. And like this it's even better." I say. And I give him a quick kiss on his lips. They still taste like cola, so I giggle again.
"Anyway, let's go see the Triumph Arc!" I say. We finish our lunch, thow away the garbage and leave. And we start walking up to the Arc, hand in hand.

Just being together with Hisao makes me happy. I feel he relies on me and trusts me like no one else. I feel that I am deeply connected to him. Even though it's for me hard to open up to him sometimes. I must become more brave. Surely, soon, I'll be able to tell him!

. 
Part 4 - Concord

I hand my camera to an old man and let him take a picture of us with the Triumph Arch in behind us. He returns it to me with a friendly hand wave and I bow to him in thanks. We cross the street, pay for entrance, and climb the stairs up to the top. We get a lovely view of the surroundings as the gentle sun pours down it's warm rays on the city. In the distance, I see the Eiffel tower.

I point it out to Hisao.
"Impressive, isn't it?" I say. It does remind me of ... something. I take a breath.
"Yes it is." he says.
"From here, it looks a bit like like a p-penis, huh?" ...There, I said it!
"Well, now you mention it, yes it does... it's even a bit thicker at the top." Hisao says.
"Mine is a lot smaller though, it's not so impressive, I guess" Hisao says with a look of regret on his face. Oh no, I didn't know he was self-conscious about his! It's true that Hisao isn't... that big, but...
"I-- It's fine Hisao, you are plenty big enough!" I say apologetically.
"That's a relief to hear." he says with a smirk. I understand now, he was joking!
"D-don't make me worry like that." I laugh out loud and punch him gently in the arm.
"Ow!" He says with a mock pained face, then he also laughs.

Well, that went well. The mood's not right now, though, so I'll have to talk more seriously later. We walk down the stairs and stand under the Arch.
"Where you want to go next?" Hisao asks.
"I want to take a look at the shops!" I say. I take his hand and we stroll back to the Champs Elisees. We pass by many shops and I stop many times, gazing at all the lovely items on display. Vuitton, Dolce&Gabanna, Lacoste, ... all the famous brands have a shop on this street. Hisao offers to buy an expensive hand bag for me but I decline. His teacher's salary is not that high, and besides I prefer just to windowshop with Hisao by my side.

We continue along the road. I'm getting thirsty, so we go sit down on the terrace of the cafe. We order tea. From my purse I pass Hisao a little box with his daily ration of pills, which he swallows dutifully. Then he goes to the toilet. While he's away, I also take my pill. They are not very popular in Japan yet, but it regulates my flow, and I want to us to have fun together without worrying about protection. When Hisao's back, I head to the toilets too. Not today, I think, I have to keep my energy for this evening!

When I return, I read the guide book a bit more. I can find a tasty looking restaurant for dinner. But it's a bit far, so we'll probably have to take the metro to go there. And it's a bit too early for dinner yet.
"Why don't we take a long walk up to there?" Hisao says as he points to the map.
"All the way up to the Place de la Concorde? That's quite far... Will you be OK?". I worry.
"I'll be fine. You know I've been exercising in the morning. And this will be a good exercise too." he says. So we pay, get up and start walking again. All the time Hisao gallantly carries the big paper bag for me as I holds his other hand.

I enjoy the sun, the trees, the parks, and after half an hour or so we find ourselves on the Place de la Concorde. Hisao points to the column in the middle of the square.
"Do you think that also looks like a penis?" Hisao grins.
"Y-Yes." I smile at his joke. "There are so many of them here..." I joke.
"Maybe that's why they say Paris is the city of love?" he says. We both break out in laughter again. I turn to Hisao, and take his face between my hands.
"And I love you Hisao..." I kiss him on his lips, intensely, and lick his lips with my tongue. "Hanako..." he whispers and flusters as I break away. Slightly embarrassed, he rubs the back of his head. But then he smiles again.

"Well, this IS the city of love, so...." he says. He steps forward, lifts my chin up with his free hand, and returns my kiss. He even pushes his tongue in my mouth for just a second. Yes! Like that, Hisao, please! Then he breaks away again.
"I love you Hanako!" he says as he looks me in the eyes.
"That's what they call a "F-French Kiss", right?" I giggle.
"Yes, I think so." Hisao smiles back.
"Since we are in F-France, let's a-always kiss like that." I say and blush a bit.
"Well, it would be embarrassing if we did that in Japan, but here... it will be OK. So, it's a promise!" he says with a solemn nod.
"It's a promise." I nod back.

The restaurant is actually not far from the Place de la Concorde. So we decide to keep on walking through the Tuilleries Garden. We sit down there for a few minutes so Hisao can catch his breath. I enjoy the view of the shrubs and trees. Then we go on to the Garden of the Royal palace, where we can see the restaurant. We enter, and an older man in a waiter's uniform greets us. With a look at the rings on our fingers and an understanding smile, he leads us to a small table in a discreet corner. I take out the guide book again. It has a Japanese menu for this restaurant, and small photos of the dishes available here. With them we're able to point out our order. It's our honeymoon after all, so we both decide to have the lobster. With a bottle of white wine to go with it.

The waiter gets the wine and lets Hisao taste it. Hisao approves it with a nod. The waiter then fills my glass and Hisao's and retreats to the kitchen. I put my hand left on top of the table, and Hisao puts his hand on top of mine. A little candle flickers in a vase between us. I enjoy the mood and just stare into Hisao's eyes, and quietly sip at my wine from time to time, until the waiter comes back and announces that our meal is ready with a respectful <Pardonnez-moi>. He puts the large plate with lobster in front of me, then he goes and returns again for Hisao's.

We both tuck in, and I savor the delicious lobster. Hisao breaks a part off and noisily slurps the meat out of the shell.
"You know, it's not polite to slurp in Europe!" I chide him half-jokingly.
"Now you mention it, I remember reading something like that." he says, "but it must be hard to drink hot soup without slurping though." he ponders.
"That's why they blow on their soup here." I tell him.
"Blowing? How is that any more polite than slurping?" he says.
"It's just a cultural difference, I guess". I say.

Slurping, blowing... I'm reminded of what I saw on TV a few hours ago. A cultural difference... maybe that will excite Hisao?
"Hanako?" Hisao suddenly says.
Surprised, I spill some wine over my lobster. My hand has stopped in mid air, holding the wine glass.
"I'm f-fine, I just z-zoned out a bit."
"You seem a bit distracted today." Hisao wories.
"N-no, it's not that, I enjoy being with you so much I'm over the moon." I say and I put the wine glass down.

Well, it's not a lie! The mood is so romantic. I look into Hisao's eyes, and again I am flooded with happiness. In this moment, everything is all right and everything is perfect. Finally I feel, I can forgive myself.
"Hisao, I love you so much, more than words can say..." I say.
"I love you, I love you!" I whisper as warm tears roll down my face.

Wordlessly I pray in my own mind. Father, mother, thank you so much for saving my life! You sacrificed everything, but all I did was blame myself. But now, I am grateful for what you did for me. You must be happy too to see my life turned out so well. I promise I will never be bitter again! ... But still ... still there is one thing... I know I am selfish and lewd ... but will you please grant me my wish? Will you guide me tonight, if only so you can have grandchildren later?

I notice Hisao looking at me with concern.
"And these tears, these are tears of happiness!" I say. Hisao wipes my tears away with his handkerchief, and kisses it.
"Then I will take good care of them." he says with a sincere face.
"Because, here and now, with you, is the happiest moment of my life." he says as he closes his eyes. A few tear flow down from his eyes as well. I take his hand again, and squeeze it, and we both lean over the table. I close my eyes too, our tongues lock in a deep, passionate kiss.

We French kiss each other for a breathless eternity. Then I can hear the waiter cough discreetly behind me. <Monsieur, votre cravatte...> I break away, open my eyes and and see that Hisao's tie is hanging right in the middle of the sauce! We both become as red as lobsters.
<Ah, T-Thank you!> I say. The waiter helpfully passes Hisao a cloth and some salt to clean it up.
<I am sorry to have disturbed you Madame, Monsieur. But I am glad to zee you are enjoying our etablissement.> the waiter jokes to break the awkward mood.
<With my lovely wife, how could I not enjoy?> Hisao replies.
<Of course, your wife is zo very lovely. My congratulationz to both of you! But I shall bozer you no more.> the waiter says as he smiles kindly, and then leaves us to our privacy.

Lovely... the waiter clearly saw my scars, and yet he said such a thing. He might have been joking, but then again.... They say love makes a woman beautiful... perhaps that is why? I see Hisao still is smirking a bit at his own clumsiness, and I giggle a bit again in return.
"Yet another good memory." he says. And I just nod, and smile the the biggest smile I ever had.

Part 5 - Dessert

We finish our dinner. We both had three glasses of wine, and I'm feeling a bit tipsy. Hisao's face also looks a little red. Hidao asks for the check, and puts the money on the silver platter. And since it's not uncommon to do so here, he leaves a generous tip for the kind waiter as well. 
"Do you still want to go to another place?" Hisao asks. 
"Well, I want to go back to eat our D-desert." I say as I hint at the bag. "But from here we have to change trains once at the Opera." 
"It must be beautiful now, " Hisao says like he reads my mind, "So why don't we go up once to see it." he suggests. 
"It's a plan!" I nod happily.

We step outside of the restaurant, and the waiter bids us goodbye with smile and a wave. Outside it's already getting darker, the sun is setting, our two joined shadows are long.  Hand in hand we walk to the Metro station, go down and take the train. Then at the Opera station, we make our way up. I climb up the final flight of stairs, turn around and immediately see the Opera building in front of me. Already it's lit up with spotlights, gold and white glistening against the deep purple of the evening sky.

I shiver a bit from the cool breeze, and Hisao hugs me from behind. He puts his arms around my waist. I enjoy his warmth, and put my arms under his. Slowly, I slide up my hands, so Hisao's fingertips are pushed against the underside of my breasts. Maybe he doesn't notice what I'm doing? I stand just like that, for a few minutes. I marvel at the building and take in the smells of the city and the feel of Hsao's body, until I feel something hard poking in my back...

"Eh, well, let's take a picture then." Hisao says quickly as he lets go of me. Is it just my imagination or does he look even more red than before? I take out the camera, and take a picture of the building, then I look for some helpful passerby. An older lady accepts to take our photo, and I hug Hisao closely from the side, smiling widely.
<Alala, les amoureux! Amusez vous bien cette nuit!> she smiles. I don't know what that means, but the wink she gives us tells me enough. I get my camera back and thank her with a bow.

Hisao still seems a bit embarrassed, so I just take his hand and we walk down the stairs into the metro. We take the train towards our hotel. Hisao sits next to me and I lean my head on his shoulder. Unfortunately the ride is quite short, so I don't get to enjoy his that as long as I would have liked. Silently, we leave the metro, and head back to the hotel, up to our room.

I feel a tension in the air as Hisao opens the door for me and lets me in. It's now or never, I think! A cultural difference... I have to show it to him now! Before Hisao is well and good inside the suite, I turn on the lights, step out of my boots, and go sit on the bed.
"Gimme the chocolate, Hisao." I say with a smile.
"Oh, you can't wait to eat your dessert?" he smiles as he walks over and hands me the bag "You really love chocolate, huh?" 

I take out a chocolate bar and peel off the wrapper.
"Y-yes... but today... H-Hisao.... Today, this bar is your... thing." I start to lick the top of the bar, first just with the tip of my tongue, and then with big licks. Then I take part of it inside my mouth and suck on it, slurping quite noisily.

I look up at Hisao, but his face looks is puzzled, so with my left hand, I start rubbing the bulge in his pants. I rub and suck on the chocolate for a minute or so, as Hisao stands and gasps, until I feel he is getting hard. I switch the bar to my left hand, and with my right, I open his zipper, and reach into his pants.

"Hanako, you don't have to..." he starts, as he finally understand what I want to do, but my hand finds what I am looking for and grabs it tightly. The rest of his words are lost in a groan. I carefully pull Hisao's thing out, and I stroke it slowly, as I suck on the chocolate. Hisao puts up no more resistance and drops his pants and briefs. I blow on Hisao's thing, and then give the tip a quick lick. Then I lick the chocolate bar, then again Hisao, and over and over again. Hisao's breath becomes ragged and he puts his hands gently on my shoulders.

The bittersweet taste of chocolate mixes with the salty taste of his skin and the drops of ...liquid that drip out. I put the bar aside, my hand sticky with molten brown cocoa. I kneel down on the floor next to the bed, and turn Hisao towards me. Then I grab his thing at the root with both hands and take the tip in my mouth, sucking and slurping. I never did this before, so I don't know what I'm doing, but I try to copy what I saw on TV as well as I can. Oh yes, I should do more, right?

By now I'm getting very excited myself. I move my head backwards and forwards with  Hisao's tip in my mouth and his groans become louder and louder. I don't worry anymore about the stickiness of my brown hands, and I put them on Hisao's hips. I feel a bit nervous whether I can pull it off, but I'm determined. So I push his thing all the way in my mouth until I'm kissing his ... golden balls. His tip touches the back of my throat and I cough a bit. But he is not that big, so it fits without much discomfort.

Hisao suddenly pulls away, I look up and see his face looks worried. 
"Hanako, you really don't have to..." I raise my chocolate covered finger and put it on his lips...
"P-please don't say anything, Hisao..." I silence him. More, I have to do more for my husband! Maybe then he can finally be excited about me! 
"J-just fuck my mouth!" I almost shout. Then I take both his hands and put them on the back of my neck. Yes, that's how they do it, right? I put my hands on Hisao's bottom and take his all of his thing in my mouth again.

Ardently I slide my head forward and backwards, sucking and slurping as much as I can. At first Hisao is reluctant, but then I feel he pushes my neck and thrusts his hips in response to my motions. I look up and see that his face is ecstatic. "Hanako, I love you!" he shouts with a breaking voice.
"Hisao I love you! I want you! Fuck my like this every day!" I want to shout, but because Hisao keeps on moving my head and my mouth is full, it just comes out as
"Hmmma hahmm hamma hammah hamahamm hahamam hamm". And then suddenly Hisao stiffens, shouts, and my throat fills with his salty seed.

I cough loudly as I swallow half of it. No, I overdid it! He came, but I still want to do more! And he didn't understand what I said! Hisao quickly pulls away, looks for a tissue and and gently wipes my mouth clean. He must have noticed my disappointed look, because he bows to me.
"I'm so sorry Hanako, I shouldn't have!" he apologizes. No, I don't want him to apologize. I wanted this!
"I-It's OK." I say. No! Why is that all I can say now!? I must do something quickly... 

I stand up and take off my skirt, stockings and panties in one go. Then I take the chocolate bar again and rub it against my lips down there.
"D-don't you want dessert too?" I ask. Hisao seems to cheer up a bit at this, and kneels in front off me. 
"I'll humbly partake" he says, with a strangely serous look on his face. I pass him the chocolate and he rubs it on a bit more. Then with gentle flicks of his tongue,  he slowly licks it off. I gasp wordlessly as I feel the warm pleasure shiver though my body. I go to sit down on the bed, and open my legs widely. Hisao accepts my invitation, and licks more eagerly and more deeply now. 

"Hisao!" I shout as he turns his tongue in circles around my sensitive spot. I feel overwhelmed by a wave of pleasure that rises from my hips. I thrust my pelvis up and down to follow the motions of Hisao's tongue. I rub his hair with my hands, and wrap my legs around his neck, as he licks and slurps again and again.
"Hisao I ... Aeiiiii!" I shout, and then my body shudders and shakes and I see nothing but heavenly whiteness as I come.

I lie back and close my eyes. Hisao, today, I also wasn't able to say what I wanted to say. Or at least, I didn't say it in a way you could understand. But it felt so good. Tomorrow, I will try again! I will try again every day... My eyes are heavy from the of the wine and the love making...I can't seem to open them anymore... My breathing slows down. And I fall asleep.

Part 6 -- Mysterious

The faint light of morning shines though my closed eyelids. I open them and find that I' lying in bed, covered up with a sheet and a blanket. Next to me I hear Hisao's slow breathing. He's still asleep. Last night he must have covered me up without waking me. He's so kind. I smile. Then I notice there is still chocolate on my hands, and I feel a bit itchy down there, so I silently slip out if the bed and head for the bathroom.

First I use the toilet and wipe a bit down there. Running a shower would make too much noise, so I plug the washbasin, and let warm water slowly flow inside. I look in the mirror. There are brown smears over my face as well, so I wash my hands and my face, before I take off my blouse and bra. Then I rub my lips down there clean. Hmmm... yesterday felt so nice, it was different, much more exciting and fun. We never did that before, and Hisao...

Hiaso also never did that before. I frown... How did he know what to do? It couldn't be... Does he have a girlfriend who taught him? Ah, but... no, he wouldn't right? Besides I also never did that before, and I learned it from that movie. He must also have seen it some perverted manga or anime something like that.

I remember when we moved into our apartment. There was a box with his name on, and he requested that I didn't look inside it. I want to respect my husband's privacy so I didn't think anything of it then. But now I see... he must have lot of perverted stuff in that box! And that means... he can't get excited about me, so he uses that to make do...

I see my face has completely clouded up now as if I'm ready to cry. Hisao, yesterday was not different. It was the same as always. I remember the first time, I just took of my clothes, forbade him to speak, and I made him do what I wanted him to do to me. It was bit painful then because we were both virgins, but I really enjoyed the thought of finally having sex with him. And after that, those twenty two other times, went much the same. Well, they were more fun than the first time because I found out soon how to do it right. Hisao must have done the same.

But I always shut him up. I don't listen to what he has to say. I'm so lewd that I always simply force him to do what I want. I know Hisao really loves me, and I love him. He doesn't coddle or pity me, and he lets me take care of him as well as he takes care of me. But when it comes to sex... He must have been overwhelmed by me.  I'm not exciting at all, with my body like that, and his heart condition makes it hard on him too. And I do nothing but crave for him like he's a piece of chocolate.

Yesterday too, I made him shut up. And shouting at him to fuck me... that's not a good way to talk to him... I wonder why it's so hard for me to talk to Hisao about my desires. We can talk about almost everything, our feelings, our ideas, our friends, our work, anything. But it's as if because I feel so close to him, that the topic of sex is just too embarrassing, too lewd. I feel like if I say that I want to have sex with him every day, he will think of me as if I had asked him to rob a bank every day, or even like I asked him to to eat a turd every day...

I look at myself in the mirror again. I look like a dejected old lady now. No, I promised... I won't be bitter! I try to cheer up, and I'm reminded of the wink that lady at the opera gave us. I try to wink myself, but only manage to blink both my eyes at the same. Strange, it's really true we Japanese have a hard time winking. I put my hand over my right eye and close it, and I keep my left eye open. Then I slide my right hand down. Ah, yes, that's more like a wink, isn't it?

A cultural difference. I remember reading in the guide book that French people often freely show their emotions. I look at the water. The sink has filled up and starts to overflow though the second hole. Overflow. I have to open the sink, otherwise it will overflow. I pull out the stopper and watch the dirty water flow out. This sink is like my heart. I have to open it up, or it will overflow too. The dirt will remain inside if I don't. I nod with a determined look on my face. Now I know what I have to do.

But first things first. We have tickets for the Louvre for this morning. The tickets are on hour, and we have to be there punctually. If we miss our time we won't be able to visit and we'll lose our money as well. So, we should get ready and head down to eat breakfast early. I step out of the bathroom for a moment to look at the clock. We will have to hurry a bit. I walk over to Hisao and go sit next to him, and wake him with a kiss. He blinks as he looks at me.

"Good morning, Hanako." he says with a faint smile. I can see him glance at my breasts.
"Good morning, Hisao." I say. He quickly sits up.
"Oh, right, today is the Louvre!" He says and looks at the clock. "Not much time left, and I didn't shower last night!". Of course, he didn't want the sound to wake me up.
"I only washed my hands and face, I also still need a shower.  So let's take one together?" I suggest.
"Good idea Hanako, it will be faster that way!"

We head over to the shower and step in together. I turn the tap until I find a water temperature we can both enjoy. I take the small soap bar in my hands and wash Hisao's back. I pass him the soap and turn around. He gently rubs and massages my back as he works up a lather and rinses. I'd love him to repeat, but we have to hurry, so we finish our shower together.

Hisao steps out first and hands me a big towel with both hands. I step forwards against the towel and he rubs me dry. Then I take a towel and rub Hisao's body as well. Hisao then dries his hair with a towel, and I use the hotel's hairdryer, which turns to be remarkably powerful. We step out of the bathroom and get dressed.

"I still have to put my make-up on." I say, as I head back to the bathroom.
"If you're OK with it, I'll already go down and get us some breakfast." Hisao says.
"Ok, I'll come down after you. Hot chocolate and toast for me, please!" I say. I hear Hisao head out. I take out the Covermark but then I decide against it. No, not today. I won't cover up. Not my face, and not my feelings, even if they are ugly. So I just apply some light foundation, draw my eyebrows and put on some lipstick. Kiss proof. I hope I will need it.

It looks like today will also be sunny, so I just take my purse, the tickets for the Louvre, and the room key, and step into my boots. I head down and after getting lost a bit, one of the staff members shows me the way to the breakfast room. Hisao waves me over to his table. Two plates with two toasts each, a hot chocolate and tea. The breakfast is buffet style, but we have to hurry a bit, so we quickly gobble down our food without talking.

"Everything set?" Hisao says as he gets up.
"Yes, let's go!" I say.
We walk out of the room, though the lobby and outside. We make a brisk walk to the metro, and after a change of trains we end up at the station near the Louvre. I look at my watch..
"Only ten minutes..."  I say.
"Let's run, Hanako!" Hisao takes my arm in his and together we dash up the stairs to the museum. I giggle all the way and I see him smile too.
The guard looks a cross at us as we almost fall at the door. Hisao opens it for me. I enter while I breathe raggedly. Hisao feels his chest, smiles at me as a sign that everything is OK, and then follows behind me. I look for to the desk for prepaid tickets. Fortunately there is no queue there so I make it in time.

The Louvre is huge, and I want to visit that other place this afternoon, so with the book, I guide Hisao around the most famous paintings, skipping over the others. After seeing several masterpieces, we pass by "Liberty Leading the People".
"Nice, but I like your breasts better!" Hisao jokes.
"T-thank you!" I smile. Well, there's no other Japanese nearby so no one can understand the compliment anyway. And it makes me really happy!

Then after a few more paintings and statues we head down to the famous "Mona Lisa". The room is busy. I admire the picture from some distance.
"Her smile is really mysterious." I say.
"I think it is because she had great sex the night before." Hisao whispers in my ear.
"You think so?" I whisper, then I step back and show my face to Hisao as I try to imitate the painting's expression as well as I can.
"Definitely!" He whispers back in my ear.
And we both burst out in laughter. Some of the other tourists frown at us.

"They're getting miffed. Let's escape!" I elbow his arm with a flawless wink. Good thing I practiced winking this morning! He takes my arm and guides me out of the room though a few corridors, until we're away from the crowd. Then he turns to me, lifts up my chin with his hand, and gives me a passionate French kiss.
"Hisao..." I say. "Let's go somewhere else." I smile. He will understand! 

I take his hand again, and after some more corridors, room and stairs, we walk out of the Louvre. I lead Hisao into the metro. We step into the train and sit down. Not far from us we can see a young couple kissing each other.
"Let's show them that the French have nothing on us Japanese" he whispers in my ear. Then he turns his face to mine again and I open my mouth to let his tongue in as we kiss even more passionately and deeply than before. My tongue fools around against Hisao's for minutes. Surely he will understand!

<Pigalle> A voice announces. I break the kiss. 
"It's here, quick!" I say, and pull Hisao off the train. The door buzzes and snaps closed right behind him.
"That was close!" he says.
We're both laughing like madmen again.
I jump up, wrap my hands around Hisao's shoulders and hug him.
"I love you Hisao!" I say.
"Watch it, you're going to make me fall on the rails." he says with mock indignation. He carries me for a few steps as I hang from his shoulders, then he puts me back down on my feet. "But I'll forgive you because you are my beloved wife." he says and kisses my forehead. Certainly, he will understand!



Part 7 -- Sacred

I climb out of the metro with Hisao by my side. It's around noon. The sun is high in the sky  I'm feeling a bit hungry, especially since I only ate two toasts for breakfast.
"Is there any place we can eat?" I ask and look around left and right. Hisao looks across the street at a McDonalds.
"Would you like to eat hamburgers?" I ask.
"No, two days in a row would be too much." Hisao says.
"It's OK! It's our honeymoon, so you can eat your favorite as much as you like." I smile and wink. This is fun actually, I could get used to winking at Hisao a lot.
"But Hanako, aren't you getting bored of eating the same food every day?"
"I'm sorry I didn't tell you before, Hisao. I love hamburgers!" I say.
"Glad to hear that!" he beams "Well then, don't mind if I do." We cross the street and enter the greasy halls of the golden arches.

I point my finger at the images on the menu again, but this time I choose a
McChicken menu, and I order a Big Mac menu with a side salad for Hisao. Just like yesterday, we go sit down at a small table in a corner. As I take a sip from my cola Hisao softly punches my shoulder.
"Will you squirt in my face again today?" he jokes. I put my finger on top of the straw and pull it out from the cup. I put the straw to my lips and blow the liquid left inside at his nose.
"You asked for it!" I giggle like a child, like I am 7 years again, and as if nothing bad has ever happened to me in my whole life. Because that is how I feel now, happy like a child. Hisao wipes his nose with a napkin.
"You should aim for my mouth, so I can drink it." Hisao says, and he sticks out his tongue. I laugh so hard the scars on my side starts to hurt.

I manage to stop my giggling enough to eat my hamburger. Hisao also gets a hold of himself and chews on his bread and beef. Then Hisao dutifully eats his veggies.
"I must say I envy you a little, you get to eat fries." he says.
"You asked for the salad yourself." I say. I take a fry, wave it under his nose, and quickly eat it.
"Are you trying to seduce me?" He says with a fake sour grin.
"Who knows?" I wink again.  Well, yes I want to seduce Hisao, but just now I was only teasing him a bit.

"Say Hanako, when did you learn how to wink?" Hisao asks.
"You noticed? I saw many people here do that, so I taught it myself this morning." I say.
"Interesting... Let me see if I can do it too." he says. He closes both his eyes.
"No, like this." I cover his left eye with my hand. After a few tries, he finally gets it right too. I wink at him. He winks back. I wink again. He winks back again. I wink yet again. Then I notice and old man who sits a bit further wink at me. No, I wasn't winking at you! I point my finger at my husband. The old man makes a face of understanding and looks away.

"It's not polite to point!" Hisao mockingly chides me. He grabs my finger and kisses it. I pull it away from his hand and put it on his chest.
"I was just pointing out that old man over there that it's you who I belong to." I say.
"Then I'd better also point out the person I belong to." He puts his finger on my breast. Yes Hisao, like that! But, not here, not yet! 
"Thank you Hisao." I say "But let's get going. We can't sit here winking and pointing all day." I say. So we drink our drinks and take turns at going to the toilet. Then we step out on the street again.

"Where to now? " Hisao asks.
"We should go up" I say. and I guide him in the direction of a sloping street. The direct way is shorter, but I want to set the mood first. And besides, it would be a waste not to go up there while we are close by. After walking a few minutes through uphill streets, we reach stairs that climb up a green field in which. I can already see our next stop on top of the hill. There is a sort of elevator to the side of the field. The stairs would be too tiring so I pay for the fare and we ride it up. I climb another flight of stairs with Hisao holding my hand. In front of us stands a large white domed building.

"That is the Sacre Coeur Basillica." I say.
"Impressive!" Hisao says as he turns around. "And look at the view. I think I can see our hotel from up here."
"No way!" I punch his back softly. This light feeling in my heart, this banter between us... did it only start yesterday? I'd like it to continue forever... I look out on the city. It really is lovely. Everything looks so small from here. Even the Eiffel tower.
"You want to go in?" Hisao asks. I nod and grab his hand again. We cross the street, 
climb up and enter through the gate. Inside the basilica we make our way around. I look up at the large mosaic, the statues, and at the stained glass windows.

At one side there is an altar with many candles in front of it. I don't believe in God very much, but there is something I want to wish for. I take out a coin, put it in the offertory box, take a fresh candle, and light it. I set it down between the other lit candles. I clap my hands in front of my face and bow my head. What I wish for is not just happiness for myself. There is something I want more.

"Dear God, dear parents," I pray silently, "please protect my husband, Hisao. May he be happy. May his troubles and pains be taken away. May all his wishes come true. May he be enlightened. May he be happy."  It's a Buddhist prayer, since I don't know any Christian ones. But I feel God won't discriminate against people for their beliefs or religion. I just hope Someone will hear my wish and make it come true.

I turn back to Hisao who still looks around and waits for me to finish my prayer. I walk up to him and when he sees I have finished, he follows me as I silently leave the domed building. Outside again, I lean close to him and lock my arm in his. I look out on the panoramic view, with Hisao's warmth next to me and I am amazed at the depth of my own bliss. Hisao doesn't ask me anything, so I just guide him along the street, around the church, as I quietly enjoy just being together with him.

We come up to a crowded square were many painters are sitting in front of their easels. There are many restaurants around the square and many tourists are sitting on the terraces for a meal or a drink. I don't like crowds like this too much, and I don't feel like talking, so I just lead Hisao around the square. From time to time I stop for a moment to see what the artist is drawing, and then continue on to the next one. Hisao also seems to enjoy himself as he silently walks with me. 

I don't want to stay here very long, but it is on the way to my goal for today. I feel at peace and ready to speak my mind. From the square we take a narrow street down, and after some curbs and crossroads we end up with a wide boulevard in front of us. I see Hisao look with some surprise at where we ended up, but he seems to understand that I don't want to talk to him for a while. Not yet. To our right is the Moulin Rouge... That might be nice for Hisao, but I'm not very interested in seeing other women's breasts.  In stead, I turn to the left, with Hisao still on my right arm. Finally we reach our goal. 

Hisao raises his eyebrows, but politely opens the door for me. We head in, and I buy two tickets for us. The museum is full of paintings, drawings, photographs and ancient objects. And each and every one of them is related to sex. I'm getting a little nervous, but also excited by looking at these depictions. I take Hisao slowly past all of these works of erotic art and I can see he is looking just as carefully at them as I am. Like this I take him up the stairs, though the different floors of the museum until we reach the top. I'm glad nobody else is there. I don't have to wait to speak any longer.

I let go of Hisao's arm, turn to face him, and take both his hands between my hands.
"Hisao" I say "can I talk with you?" 
"Hanako, of course!" he says.
"T-there is a reason I took you here." I begin. "I-it has also to do with what happened last night..."
"Ah, yes?" he says with a mixof surprise and kindness in his face.
"You see Hisao, I love you and I am very happy to be with you..." I continue "But I have been d-dishonest with you. And also, I have b-been disrespectful."
"Dishonest? Disrespectful? But how so?" he frowns in disbelief.
"I was dishonest because I hid away a b-bad part of me. And I was d-disrespectful because I forced my feelings on you." I say.
"But Hanako, I don't think there is anything bad about you." he says.
"That's... I-I hid it very well. In reality.... Hisao, I am a very l-lewd woman. I m-masturbate almost every day. Every time I am with you I want to have s-sex with you so very much. I want you... I want you to f-fuck me every day... yes.. fuck me , Hisao, not once, but many times... every day. You see how lewd I am, that I use s-such words? But I know, I know, I'm completely u-unreasonable. I'm not considerate of your c-condition and you as a person. I keep on p-pushing you to do what I want, I keep on s-shutting you up, and I never listen to what you have to say about s-sex. So please f-forgive me for being so lewd. Please forgive me! I m-made you have sex with me, while I know you don't l-like to do it with me. It's all my f-fault because I am not sexy, not attractive, I'm u-ugly and I'm lewd." I say as I look down and I cry profusely. 

Hisao pulls his hands from between mine, and puts them on my cheeks. He makes me look up at him. Then with one hand, he gives me a light bop on the forehead. 
"You never told me." he says with a thin smile on his face. 
"That's right... I never told you... but I should have." I say dejectedly.
"No, not this. You never told me that you like sex." he says with his smile widening.
"H-Hisao?" I say. It's true. I never told him. I though the had understood me, but how could he? Shouts of pain or shouts of pleasure both sound quite the same. I never had bothered to say as much as a Hisao, that was great.
"I-It's true. I really love to have sex with you!" I say. "B-but what about you?"
"Hanako, all this time, I thought you must not like sex very much. After all, we only did it a few times, and you always just take off your clothes and let me do what I want. So I thought you were just having sex with me for my sake. You always ask me not to speak, so I always just went ahead. But I should have asked you.  But I was too much a coward to say anything. I was afraid I'd offend you.  So it's me who is lewd, dishonest and disrespectful." he says, and pauses. 
"Hisao! That's all wrong. I love to have sex with you! I love you, I love your mind, your heart, your body and everything. And I love to have sex with you so very much." I say.
"Hanako! I already thought something was strange after what happened last night, and I wonder why you took me here, but now I understand. Hanako, you and me, we are the same! I was also too shy, too embarrassed and to stubborn to admit it. But I love you, everything about you, all your mind, your heart, your body, you are all beautiful to me. And I also love to have sex with you very much!" he says.

I feel myself melting with relief, with happiness, and with desire. Yes, we are the same! Dear parents, dear God! We are the same! Now, I will not have to hold back anymore! All these emotions wheel through my heart like a tornado, and I find that I cannot wait anymore. I forcefully grab Hisao's head, and thrust my tongue between his lips. He immediately grabs my breasts, and I moan loudly. I put my hand in the middle of his pants and start rubbing. Hisao lifts me up and sits me on top of one of the exposition boxes.
<We are pleazed that you enzoy our muzeum, but as not to damage ze collection, may I zuggest you continue in a more private locazion?>  the guard of the museum says. 
"Kyah!" I shout. Hisao breaks away and turns around. I quickly step down from the glass box. Now I notice the a security camera that looks right at the display!
<We are sorry, we just got a bit carried away.> Hisao says and he bows deeply. I bow too, my face more red than it has ever been.
<Apology aczepted! You are not the only customerz who have had this problem. This is the erotic muzeum of Paris after all!> the guard says as he smirks. 
I and Hisao bow again. 
<Thank you so much! We won't do it again!> I say with heartfelt regret.
<Well, zhen, off you go! You muzt have better thingz to do than to ztand here and bow to me!> the guard winks and laughs loudly. 
<Ah yes!><Ah yes!> we both shout. I feel embarrassed as I walk down the stairs and leave the building with Hisao behind me. But outside I take a good look at him and grab hold of his hands. He looks back at me and we burst out in laughter.

"Well, Hanako, we did get carried away a bit. We still have a lot of time in our honeymoon, so there's no need to rush. Let's go sit down somewhere quiet and talk more calmly about you and me, and how our sex life together should be."  he says. 
"Yes, let's do that." I say "But right know I'm so glad. You understood what I wanted to say." 
"Well, I understood a few things. But that's not enough. We have to talk more. We have to keep on talking to each other all our lives. About sex, about love, about life, about everything."  Hisao says.
"You are right. We have to talk,  even if it's embarrassing or shameful, or even if it means we have to admit our own flaws. To be completely happy, we have to be completely open to each other." I say.
"It's a promise!" Hisao says, and he hooks his little finger in mine.
"A promise!" I say. And we kiss again. I feel this afternoon we will learn a lot more about each other. And tonight... I can't wait for tonight to come. 


Part 8 -- Champaign

Ten steps away from where we stand is a rather large café. While there is another  customer, there are no Asian-looking people inside, so I point out a spot in the corner to Hisao and we go sit there. The other customer, a young man, sits on the other side of the room, and reads a book.

Hisao orders two teas. I relax as I look into his eyes while I sip from the hot drink. It's afternoon, so I it's med time. I hand Hisao his pills, and I also take mine.
"I started taking these since we got married. I was hoping to do it raw." I admit.
"It's been, five months, hasn't it? Sorry for that, I thought you weren't interested. But now I know I have kept you waiting."  Hisao says.
"No I'm sorry, I should just have told you. And I guess I can wait for a few more hours." I say. And it's true. I feel a bit more relaxed today because we could play last night.
"Also, you probably must have wanted to do it on your wedding night? You looked a bit tired so I made assumptions." he says.
"Well, I wanted to do it then, but I also made assumptions..." I admit
"Let's not do that again, then." Hisao says with a gentle smile.
"OK!" I nod.

"But since you'd like to have sex several times per day, " Hisao continues,
"We'd better make some plans. I'd love to have sex with you as much as you like, but I do have to keep my condition in mind. And when we get back we'll have to go back to work." he says.
"Of course, I don't want to be unreasonable." I say.
"I have to keep on exercising and take my medication. Unfortunately, the pills do sometimes affect my penis as well. Like, two weeks ago I was reading this very perverted magazine, just an hour after I took my pills but nothing happened." he says.
I here some laughter from some distance. The young man is smiling. His book must be very funny for him to laugh so loudly.
"Well, if that happens, your mouth or fingers are also fine." I say. The young man laughs again. It's a little annoying.
"Also I was thinking... maybe you should take the active role sometimes." Hisao says.
"Ah, you want me to fuck you?" I say with a smirk.
"Yes, please." Hisao says.

The young man at the table now laughs very loudly. He puts some money on the table. Stands up and takes his book. I can see the title... "Japanese for everyone?"
"Sorry to have overheard you," the young man says in fluent Japanese with a nod of his head. "I will leave you both alone now." he says and walks out. I want to sink in the ground from shame. I didn't think there would be any foreigners who understand Japanese here.
Hisao's brow is getting sweaty and he rubs the back of his head.
"I hear as of lately Japanese is getting more popular here too. It seems many foreigners like manga and anime." Hisao grins.
"W-well, I think we taught him a few new words as well..." I say and I giggle nervously.
"I think so too." Hisao says in a conspiring tone of voice.

I look out tough the window in the direction in which the young man went.
"Say, Hisao, I see that there are many shops here like that..."  I say.
"You mean, those sex shops?" Hisao asks.
"Y-yes... I saw something in the guide book, but they didn't say very much about them. So I was wondering... W-what do they sell?" I ask.
"Well, I haven't been to such a shop yet. I get my porn from a specialized book shop." he says
"For your private "Hisao" box, right?" I tease him.
"Ah, you knew?" 
"Deduction." I smirk.
"As a scientist I should have known you'd find out." he smiles back

"Anyway, I don't know very well what these shops sell, but I did read in my perverted magazines about the stuff you can get there." he says.
"So what are those items then?"  I ask
"It's hard to explain without showing you." he says "Unless, you want to take a look inside such a shop?" Well, I still feel a bit ashamed from what happened before... but there are many such shops around here, and here is far away from home. In Japan, it would be too embarrassing so I could never go inside such a shop. Back home, Hisao will have to be careful that no one sees him in such a place, or it could  affect his reputation as a teacher. But here...
"W-well, I'd really like to see myself what such a shop is selling." I say. "I-If we go look while we are here, ... it will probably be OK." 
"Well, let's go look for a nice one then." Hisao says. I put some money on the table. We take the usual turns at going to the toilet and head out.

Some of the shops look a bit intimidating or seedy, but not far from the museum, we find a large, clean looking shop, with sexy underwear in the show window. I nod at Hisao to show my approval and we step inside. The young lady behind the counter doesn't even look up at us. I look around and see tubes of lemon flavoured lube, feathers, handcuffs, handcuffs with feathers, and ... those look a bit like...
"H-how do you use these?" I ask Hisao as I point at the oblong, rounded objects.
"Well, those are vibrators. It seems you can use them to stimulate your sensitive spot or to put them inside..." he says.
"Ah... but... these ones are very big. Would they fit?"
"Do you want to try?" he whispers. Well, ... I want Hisao the most, but these also look like they could be fun to use....
"A-are you OK? You are not j-jealous?" I ask him.
"No it's fine. We can use this as a spare in case mine has an off day." Hisao says.
"Hisao, you're such a considerate husband." I say with a smile. He's right.  On some nights he might not be able to get it up because of his medication. But he still wants to make sure I'm satisfied.
"Look, this one looks like a more reasonable size." I point to a small, sleek, purplish model with a giggle.
"This one? It's my treat then." says, with a devious shine in his eyes.
"Oh, looks like you have a cunning plan?" I ask.
"It's a secret." he says with a smirk.

Hisao takes a box with the accessory, brings it to the counter, takes out his wallet and pays for it. The shop girl, simply puts the box in an unmarked white paper bag with rope handles and returns it. We head out. I take Hisao by his arm and lean my head against his shoulder a bit.

"Where will we go next?" he asks.
"If you don't mind, let's go back to the hotel...". I say. I'm getting a bit impatient.
"We have to get something to eat for this evening, though." he says.
"Isn't there a convenience store around?" I wonder. I open my purse and take a quick look at the guide book. "We will probably have to go to a supermarket." I say.
"Hey, see that over there?" Hisao says and he points at the building across the street, marked with red lettered signs. "I saw someone come out there with a bag." he says.
"Let's go take a look!" I say. We cross the street. It turns out to be a rather large supermarket. We go in.
"Let's try to eat the local food this evening." Hisao says. "Let's see, what is France famous for?" He takes a shopping basket and I follow him as he walks around the shop.
"Ah, isn't this French bread?" I say and point out the long browinsh rods. "Let's get one of those."
"You like the shape?" Hisao winks exaggeratedly. He still needs some practice. He puts the bread in the basket.
"I sure do!" I giggle. "Oh, look Hisao! There's so much wine over there!"
We head over to the wine section.
"Which one should we get?" Hisao asks. There's a huge selection of red, white and rose wines. And...
<Champagne> I spell out the letters I read on the bottle.
"Let's get this! I always wanted to drink champaign, but it's very expensive back home. It looks like it's much cheaper here." I say.
"Great idea! We won't need a bottle opener for these, and at this price we can easily afford two." Hisao says, and puts the corked bottles in the basket. "Let's look around more for the rest of our dinner." he continues.

There are so many unusual items in the supermarket, so I just pick out a few I read about in the guide book. I get several types of cheese and dried ham.  Hisao takes some grapes, and a bag of premixed salad. They also sell paper plates, napkins, cups and plastic cutlery so we get a set of those as well. We head to the register, pay and put everything in a large bag. Hisao slides the small bag in the large one, and takes the latter by the handles. I take his arm again and we make our way to the metro station.

In the train, I sit next to Hisao and rest my head against his chest.  I can hear his heart beat.
"Please, keep beating for a long time." I whisper. I close my eyes, nuzzle his shirt and plant a kiss on the area where his scar must be.
"It's beating for you." he whispers. This gentle feeling between us. Did it only start yesterday? No, it was there all along. 
"Hisao, I have loved you from the first day we met. I never said it before, but now I think that's the truth." I say, as I take in his smell.
"Hanako, I think I also loved you, even though I was a bit dense about it. I wanted to save you, but now I understand that you also saved me. I had lost hope. And I had forgotten how to love someone and how to be loved by someone. You reminded me of all that. I don't know what I would have done without you." he says.
"Well, it was difficult then for you and me. But you made me happy. You still do.
And I was glad to see you happy too. I still am." I say.
"And I still am happy to be with you. I hope that will never change." he says.
<Saint Augustain> the announcing voice says.
We get out at our stop. I hold on to Hisao as we walk. I feel like I'm floating on a pink cloud, and before I know it, we're back in our hotel room.


"It's a bit early, but let's eat dinner first." Hisao says. "And after, we can play." He takes out the French bread and in a moment of inspiration holds it up against his crotch. I giggle, and take a bite out of of the top.
"Ouch, please don't bite!" he jokes. I lick the crust once.
"Is that better?" I ask. He just smiles. I take the bread from his hands.
"Well, I'm sorry, but I'll have to cut this up. It will be easier to eat it like that." I say.
"That's true. I'll go open a bottle of bubbly in the bathroom then." he says, and he takes the green glass with him. There's a small table with two chairs in the suite, so I set out the paper plates, cups and cutlery on top of it. With a plastic knife I cut bread, cheese and dried ham, divide them over he plates, and decorate them with lettuce. I take the grapes to wash them. Hisao is still struggling with the bottle above the washbasin.
"It's harder than it looks, especially since I ever did this before." he says when he notices me. Finally he sends the cork flying with a loud pop. It ricochets off the mirror, and bounces back, straight in his eye.
"Are you OK?" I worry, and I take the bottle from his hand and put it down. Hisao rubs over his sore eye and then blinks a few times.
"Am I glad to see you." he jokes "I'm fine, thank you."
"Please be more careful next time." I chide him, and I kiss his eye.
"There, all better!" I smile.

"Well, let's drink this already, I had enough troubles opening it." Hisao says and he picks up the bottle. I quickly rinse the grapes and follow him back to the other room.
"Thanks Hanako, it looks like a feast!" he says with a satisfied face as he looks at the plates. We both go sit down at the table. I lift my cup and Hisao pours the champaign, then I take the bottle and pour it inside his cup that he hold up.
"Well, here's to us! cheers!" Hisao says as he raises his cup. I let my cup touch that of his.
"To us! Cheers!" I say. I take a long drink. "Wow, its very tasty!" I say. "I like wine, but champaign is even better!"
"Yes, we must have chosen a good brand." Hisao smiles after swallowing his bubbly. "Let's try this cheese." I say. I take a piece of Munster and eat it. I cough and find it hard to swallow. "It's tastes and smells very strongly!" I say and I take a  drink to wash it away. "It's almost like natto."
"I thought you like natto?" Hisao says.
"Well I do, but this is slightly different." I say. I try the Camembert next. "Oh, this is tasty." I say.

"I wonder if Lilly likes stinky cheese?" Hisao says and  he drinks from his cup.
"Lilly? What does she have to do with anything?" I ask and I sip again.
"Well, I think she may have a stronger sense of smell than we do." He says.
"That may be true. Maybe I should bring some choeee as a present for her?" I say.
"Yes, but then we also have to bring for our other friends, and I don't want to stink up the suitcases." Hisao says. "Anyway, how is Lilly doing?"
"Well, I called her before we left, and she's an English teacher at Yamaku now." I say.
"Yamaku? I'd like to transfer there when Mutou retires. That may still be a while, though." he says.
"Well, Lilly told me that Misha is also working at Yamaku now as a sign language teacher. And Misha told her that Shizune made a big donation to Yamaku. They are going to double the capacity of the school and they may need new teachers in a few years time."  I say.
"Ah, that Shizune. She really is a brilliant businesswoman. While we were in college, she already became a millionaire. Well, I hope that I'll get a chance to apply for a job in Yamaku then." Hisao says.
"I'm sure you will, darling." I say, as I move in and kiss him passionately over the table.

"Nice, but that's dessert," he says, "let's eat this first, otherwise we may end up starving. And we shouldn't let the champaign go to waste either" he admonishes me.
"Aww, spoilsport!" I say. As much as I'd like to jump my husbands bone right know, he's right. The champaign is really tasty and we should drink it before it looses it's carbonation. I let Hisao fill my glass and I fill his again.

"Well, drink up!" I say, and I empty the cup in one go. I laugh. Hisao also downs his cup, albeit abit slower than I do.  "It wouldn't be fair if you dank more than I did." he says, and smiles. "Let's fill those up again", and he pours both mine and his glass. We continue our meal, we eat, we drink we joke and we laugh. 
"It's funny, ... the more I drink ... the more I like it." he chuckles, his face is red like a lobster. The first bottle is empty and Hisao takes out the second one and opens it with a pop. The bubbly overvlows on the table but I'm too whoozy to care.  He puts the bottle to his lips and drinks a large gulp.

"Hey, n.. no fair!" I complain. "G... Gimme the champaign, Hisao!" I take the bottle from him and I take an even bigger swig. My face feels hot and my head spins a bit. We pass the bottle trough and fro and drink in turns. I take a final swig and look inside.
"Tooo... baaaad... " I say and lay the bottle down on the table. Hisao leans backwards in his chair. "Ah, that.. was tasty!" he says.
"And now..." I say as I stand up. "Dessert! Deseeeeeeeert!!!"  I shout, as I almost fall over. My legs are so wobbly. I grab Hisao's tie and bend over to kiss him. I slobber my toge all over his face, I wildly mis the mark. i fall on my knees and my head ends up on his shoulder.
"You... are drunk." Hisao says.
"You toooo!" I say. "You prooomised!" I pout.

"OK!" he shouts. And we both break out in laughter. Hisao pulls me up, and I hold on to his tie. He takes of his pants and socks, and I take off my skirt and stockings.
"No, no we should taaaaake off the top fiiiirst!" I complain.
"Well ... you can take it off ... now" Hisao says.
"You waaaant to seeeee my breasties right?" I say. I almost fall over when I let go of Hisao's tie, then I take off my blouse and my bra. I take my breasts in my hands as I sway left and right.
"Lovely!" Hisao says as he strips off his tie and shirt. I walk in closer and gently rub the scar on his chest.
"Carry meeee..." I whisper into his ear. Hisao complies and lifts me up in his arms. He slowly carries me to the bed as he sways left and right. Then suddenly he drops me on the bed.

"Beee more gentle!" I chide him.
"I though... you like .. rough.." he said.
"Hehehe, maybe I dooo". I say. "Come heeere."
Hisao goes to lie down next to me, we both turn to our sides, and I kiss him. This time our tongues play with each other properly. I pull down Hisao's briefs...
"Heeeey! He's still soooft!" I say.
"He... must be.. drunk .. tooo..." Hisao says. Not willing to give up, I take Hisao's thing in my hands and give it a twist. I rub the tip in my hand palm and slide my fingers over the skin many times. But nothing happens. I slide down the bed and start licking it all over, but still it doesn't seem to move at all.
"No! Noooo faaair!!" I complain.
"I shouldn't ... have taken my pills ... just before..." Hisao says. "Too much ... champaign..."
"Daaamn pills!" I shout. Suddenly I remember what we bought today.
"Ah, the backup plaaan!" I say. I get up and walk over to the bag.
"Hmmmm..." Hisao says. He seems tired, he turns on his stomach and stretches his arms and legs out to the side.

I take out the box, and open it. I pull out the purple instrument and turn it on. Nothing happens.
"It's brooooken, Hisaaao!" I pout.
"Ha.. forgot.. batteries.." Hisao admits. "You have... to use it ... like that."
I see Hisao lying on the bed with his cute behind up in the air. Suddenly I get a strange idea.
"Hisaao... what do you think of aaaanal seeeex?" I ask.
"Ah... well, if you're sure... I'm ok." he says.
"Gooood. Let's uuuuuse this one then." I say as I walk over to Hisao, and with a sudden motion I jam the vibrator in his butt. I push it in further as hisao shouts and bucks. It only penetrates for a few centimeters or so but it has an amazing effect. Hisao arches up his back and turns around, as he tries to remove the tool. I hold on to it and finally pull it out.

"Hyah... you ment .. that?" he says.
"Whaat did you think?" I say.
"I .. thought .... you..."
"Whooo, mee? No, no no, that would hurt!" I say. as I wave the purple wand around.
"Well, it ... hurt me too!" Hisao says.
"Oohh, sooryyy" I apologize.
"Waanna use it on my pussyyyy?" I ask.
"It's dirty now ... we shouldn't..." Hisao says.
I look at the rod, the tip is brown and smelly.
"Ewwwww, dissapointiiing!" I complain again. I drop the thing on the floor.
"Come.. here..." Hisao says as he lifts a finger.  "I still have ... this one."

I see what he wants to do, so I take off my panties and go lie down down next to him again. We kiss a sloppy kiss again. We keep kissing and Hisao's finger starts to probe. He slides his finger in between my lips down there, grabs some lubrication from my moist hole, and rubs it over my sensitive spot. He circles his finger around, and my breath grow ragged as his pace increases.

"Hisaao! Good!" I shout out as the tension in my body reaches a climax. My head spins in all directions and a whirlpool of emotions sucks me down until I'm nothing but the one spot between my legs that cries out for release.
"Good! Good!" I shout and I bite on Hisao's lip, but he does not let up, his finger spins and rubs around my sensitive spot. I see nothing but white, and I come with the force of an earthquake that makes all my body tremble.

"Hisaaao" I whisper. "That was so good!". I feel I'm going to fall asleep soon again, so I take the sheet and the blankets and cover Hisao and myself as I lie down again.
"Tomorrow... I'll take my pills after we had sex." he says.
"It's a plaaan." I smile. and I close my eyes.
"It's a plan" he says, and he slips his arm around me. I feel very drunk, and very tired. But also, I am very happy. I enjoy being with Hisao very much. Today, was so good. And tomorrow will surely be even better...


Part 9 -- Strength

I can hear something beep. My eye are closed. My head feels like it's made of wood. I feel like I spin a bit and I fall asleep again. Then I feel someone kissing my lips.
"Hanako, please wake up. We have to go to Versailles today." Hisao says.
I open my eyes slowly. What did we do last night? I just remember drinking a lot of champaign. My head hurts badly whenever I try to think. I see Hisao is sitting next to me on the bed. His face looks like he's just as hung over as me. The light of dawn makes me squint.

"V-Versailles... ah..." I say as I sit up and shake my head. "Let's take a shower again, then?" Hisao helps me get out of bed. Today too, we have to hurry a bit, because we have prepaid tickets again. So the shower is just like it was yesterday. Quick and with no time to play. Even though we're both a more than bit worse off from drinking so much yesterday night, I don't want to miss our only chance to visit the castle of the former kings of France. So it's good that Hisao had the presence of mind to set his alarm after I fell asleep.

We get dressed, I put on my make-up. Then we go down for a quick breakfast, and head out to the metro. A few rides and changes of trains, were we just sit slumped onto each other's shoulder, we arrive in Versailles. Already, the crowds are lining up in front of the castle. Luckily for us, since we have a prepaid ticket, we can go in a separate, shorter queue. I take a few pictures of the lovely decorated palace before joining in. Clouds start to pack above, and we still have to wait for about fifteen minutes before we can go in, but 

"Phew, I though we'd never make it." I say. "My head still hurts from yesterday, and the sun doesn't help."  I say
"Yeah, It's the same for me." He says.
We get some folders in Japanese and start our tour of the inside of the castle. There are many people milling around, so our progress is arduously slow. I marvel at the paintings on the ceiling, the golden decorations, and the old furniture. 
"What a huge bed that is." Hisao says. 
"I bet the king had lots of sex in there." I wink. 
"Well, actually, this was just a show bed it seems." Hisao reads from the folder. "But the kings often did have a wife and a mistress too."
"Hisao, you are my king, but I don't want to share you with anyone!" I say. "And I'd only want to have a boyfriend if there were two of you." I joke.
"Well, then I'll make you both my queen and my mistress." he smiles, and I giggle and elbow his side.

We move on and find ourselves into a long gallery that has many mirrors on the side. 
"Isn't this lovely!" I say.
"You want a boyfriend now?" Hisao says as he points at his reflection in the mirror. 
"No, because that one already has a wife." I say, and I kiss Hisao quickly with a small lick to his teeth. I see myself kiss Hisao in the mirror and I feel that it's exciting to see me and Hisao like this.
"I'd love to have such a big mirror at home." I say.
"Well if it doesn't have to cover the whole hallway, that can be arranged."  Hisao says. 
"I was thinking more of the bedroom." I say. 
"Ah, I see!" he says with a pensive nod.
We walk further at a snail's pace from crowded room to crowded room. Finally we finish our tour of the castle. I have to go to the bathroom, and Hisao goes to. When I come out he's waiting patiently near the exit of the lady's room. When we come out, a rain pours down on us. I'd rather not get a cold so it looks like we have to cancel out visit to the gardens.

Today, I don't wear my hat. As of lately, I feel confident enough to defy the stares of strangers. But now we need something against the rain. I rummage in my purse to look for my compact foldable umbrella. Where is it? My purse is is rather full. Since we got married, I keep a week's supply of Hisao's medication in there, each dose of seventeen pills neatly packaged in a small plastic container. I see, the umbrella is the other compartment. I take it out and push the button. A rather small umbrella unfolds.

"Let's go back near the station and look for a place for lunch." I say, and I hug Hisao's side closely, my right side under his arm.
"Good idea. Allow me." he says, and takes the umbrella from my hand. I wrap my right arm around him, and his left arm embraces me. We walk together. He holds the umbrella up above us and takes care my head doesn't get wet. Some cold drops drops fall on my left hand, but my right side feels warm and comfortable. The the smell of rain and that of Hisao makes me shiver with excitement. 
"Hisao... after we eat, let's go back and make love?" I plead. "No Champaign, just you and me."
"My beloved wife" he says with a wide smile. "I'd love to."  In response, I only rub his shoulder with the side of my head.

We arrive near the station. On our right side is another McDonalds. I look at him, he looks at me, I start to giggle and he laughs.
"Do you think what I think?" he says.
"Yes I do!" I say. So, he holds up the umbrella and hands it to me. Then we step inside, I order for the both of us, and we go sit down at a small table in the corner.
"You know, some people would say that doing the same things every day is monotonous and boring." Hisao says.
"Only if you don't like what you are doing. But if every day we can do the things we love together with the person we love, then that is happiness." I say 
"That must be I'm so happy to be with you." Hisao beams.
"Hey, you stole my line!" I giggle. "You know, this honeymoon isn't quite what I excpetced from it, but it keeps on getting better every day." 
"Well, eat up then, I'll do my best to make this afternoon even better!" Hisao says.
He doesn't have to say that twice. I quickly snarf down the meal, and Hisao follows my cue and does the same. I may be exited, but I remember to take my pill. Hisao waits as he promised so he will be ready for me when we get back. When we get out the rain has almost stopped, so we don't need our umbrella. We go into the station. The whole ride back I sit next to Hisao, hug him and give him a deep kiss from time to time. I feel like I'm drunk, but this time with happiness and desire. We change trains, and after the last ride, we go out of the metro, and the hotel is just as short walk away.

When step into the elevator, we are joined by another couple who look like they have just arrived. The man is a rather tall with dark hair, blue eyes and a handsome face. The lady is a tall blonde in a rather revealing outfit. The lady takes out a cigarette box from her purse and hands it the man, who puts it in his breast pocket. I can see she has another package of a different brand in there too. They must both be smokers. 

When we arrive at the top floor, they get out first and head for the suite across the hallway from ours. Maybe they're also on a honeymoon? I unlock or door, we go in, and take our shoes off. Before I can do or say anything, Hisao heads immediately to the bathroom.
"Sorry, I'll have to go sit down for a while." he says, as he goes in and closes the door. I step towards the table to sit down, but then I notice something purple on top of it. The vibrator. Did Hisao put it there? There is a card of the hotel with something written in French and English under it. I take it and read it.

<We have sanitized this item for you. With compliments from the cleaning staff.>
No! No! No! I slap my hand in my face... I feel myself shrink six centimeters out of shame. Did I take this out yesterday? I didn't think about it this morning, since I was hung over and in a hurry, and Hisao probably also forgot for the same reasons.  The cleaners must have found it and picked it off the floor. But why did they sanitize it? 

I think deeply and then suddenly I remember I did with last night with the oblong tool... I slap my face again, three times even. I hurt Hisao with it in such an embarrassing way. Does he remember? I hope he will not be angry at me... And what to do with this thing? The staff now knows I have a vibrator, so I'd rather not use it again. At least not while we are here. So I take the purple rod and wrap it in it's box and paper bag again, then put it in our suitcase. Then I crumple the card in my hand dramatically and throw it away in the waste bin. A bit later, Hisao comes out of the bathroom.

"Say Hanako, do you know what happened to the vibrator? This morning I didn't remember well what had happened last night, so I didn't think of cleaning it up this morning. But when I was on the toilet I remembered it because... you know... I 'm still a bit sore there..." he says with a pained look on his face.
"I-It's in the suitcase." I say.
"Ah, you put it away? Thanks! It would have been so embarrassing if staff had found it."
"Eh, well... I put it away just now." I say and I my cheeks get flustered.
"Oh?" Hisao says, and he rubs the back of his head .  
"I'm sorry, I should have put it away this morning. But more importantly, I'm really sorry for what I did with it last night..." I say as I bow deeply. "Hisao, I hurt you and I shouldn't have. I have thought about the error of my ways. Please forgive me."
"Of course I will forgive you, Hanako, we were both very drunk, right? I guess we underestimated the Champagne a bit. The carbonation causes the alcohol to enter the blood much more rapidly." he lectures me like I am one of his students.
"Will you forgive me so easily? That was very inconsiderate of me." I retort.
"Well, I did say I was OK, I though I could do it to you. So, in away, I was also inconsiderate then. And I have to admit something... it was kind of ... interesting ..." Hisao says with a grin, "... but let's not do that again, OK?" he says.
"It's a promise!" I say relieved.
"From now on, leave the penetrating up to me." he says with a wicked smile.
"Is that an invitation?" I ask, and I feel I'm getting excited again.
"It is, if you want it to be." Hisao says "I feel my pants are getting pretty tight".


"Finally!" I say as I walk over to him and embrace him. "Hisao, you truly are my husband, who I love more than anyone else. Please make love to..." I am cut off by the shrieking of a loud siren. "Me?" I say.
"That's the fire alarm!" Hisao realises. " We have to get out of here quickly!"
"F-Fire?" I shake.
"Hisao takes my amy hand. It will be OK, but we have to hurry. Hand in there!"
"Y-yes." I say but I'm shaking.
I manage grab my purse and the room keys, and quickly step into my boots, while Hisao puts on his shoes. Hisao takes my hand, and we dash out of the room.
"Not the elevator, come!" He says as pulls on my arm. 

I stop. I can't move. I want to move but I just can't. My arms and legs are frozen in place, shivering.  
"F-Fire... f-fire... f-fire" I whisper as I am struck by terror. My sight goes black, and then I see I see nothing but flames in front of me. I can smell burning flesh in my nostrils... I hear nothing, but I can feel someone pick me up. Someone carries me in his arms. I feel motion, and then I shake as someone carries me down somewhere. I try to look around, but I don't see anything else but that terrible memory, flames everywhere I look. I still can't move... Fire... No! No! I don't want to...! Someone still carries me. I hear him breathe loudly and rapidly and I can feel his heart beat like a drum against my side... 
"Hisao..." I whisper. I realize Hisao is carrying me. The visions of flames ebb away and I can see Hisao's face. It's Hisao! Hisao carries me down the stairs! But his heart! He shouldn't do this!

Finally we reach the bottom floor. Hisao pushes the door open with his back, and carries me out of the building. He puts me down, goes to sit next to me, and grabs his chest. He looks like he's in pain. "Hisao!" I shake my head, and I feel I can move again. I have to do something now! I quickly open my purse, take out a dose of Hisao's pills out of a box, and shove them in his mouth. He swallows them and seems to calm down a bit. "You need a doctor? A hospital?" I ask.
"No... I'm fine now..." he gasps "...Thanks for the help."
"No, thank you..." I say. I grab him very tightly and I kiss him. 

I look around where we are, and I see this is a patio behind the hotel. The patio is already filled with other guests. Now the couple from before walk out of the emergency exit. They seem to be arguing about something. But why are they both smoking? They walk over to one of the staff, and start another angry argument with the man. Finally the staff member seems to admit defeat.  Another member of the staff comes to check on us, and checks if we're OK. I can move perfectly and Hisao's heart has calmed down, so we stand up to show that we're OK. A few firemen walk in and talk to the staff, but leave again pretty soon.

Finally after some chaotic minutes, a person who looks like he director of the hotel takes a megaphone. First he says something in French which I don't understand. Some of the guests react with relief and start to walk back into th hotel. Then he repeats in English
<Due to a mistake on our side, some of our smoking guests have been lodged in a nonsmoking room. As a result, the fire alarm was triggered. We can now confirm that there is no fire, and that this was a false alarm.> A false alarm? I sigh a deep breath of relief.
<We are deeply sorry and we apologize for this. To compensate for the discomfort caused, dinner tonight is complimentary for all our guests. You may now return to your rooms.>

A false alarm. No fire...  I cannot say how relieved I am. Hisao and I are OK... We're safe... Suddenly it dawns on me. I think of what could have happened... Hisao could have had a heart attack... And if there really had been a fire... The ideas of possible disasters spin though my head. It all becomes too much for me. I throw myself around Hisao's shoulders. I start to cry loudly...
"Are we OK?" I snivel "Are we safe?"... 
"Yes, It's OK now." he says, and he just holds me. 
"Maybe we should just go back and rest a bit?" he says.
I nod, but I keep on crying. Hisao puts my arm in his and gently takes me back to our room. He helps me take off my boots, and then takes me to the bed. I lie down, and he covers me with a sheet. 
"Hisao... just hold me..." I whisper. Quietly he lies down next to me and embraces me. I'm still weeping but my eyes have run dry. Today... It was not a good day. But we helped each other. We were together. 
"Hisao, you really became stronger..." I whisper to him between my sobbing.
"So did you." he replies.
It's true. I don't want to loose my husband, not if I can help it. And I was able to snap out of my panic attack in time to help him. Today, I'm just happy that Hisao and I are still alive. I may be crying and exhausted right now, but tomorrow... Tomorrow will certainly be better!


Part 10 -- Light

I slowly wake up. The brilliant light of the morning sun streams in though the window. I look around and see the watch. I have slept over sixteen hours. I don' t remember much of last afternoon and night. But I remember Hisao was holding me gently all the time as I cried silently. After that, I must have fallen asleep. I must really have been mentally exhausted. 

I sit up, and see Hisao at the table. He must have been waiting for me, because he is reading the guide book. On the table, he has set out two plates with breakfast, two cups and two glasses with orange juice. He notices that I've awoken. 
"Good morning! How are you feeling today?" he asks with gentle smile. I blink my eyes a few times, and rub them to to get rid of the last remains of sleepiness. I look at Hisao. And I feel so happy to see his face beam in the rays that pour down.

"I'm so happy to see you... I feel... better now." I say. "And hungry!" 
"I though so. I had them bring up a big breakfast for us. We even got it for free as an apology for yesterday." he says.
"Well, if it wasn't out of pity for me... then that's kind of them..." I say. I'm still a bit suspicious about other people's kindness towards me. I know most people mean well, but I don't like to be seen as an object of pity. I'm really hungry though, so I get up. My clothes are all rumpled up from yesterday's events and from sleeping so long. I join Hisao at the table.

"I humbly partake." I say and dig right into the bacon and mushroom fried eggs. It's tasty. Hisao, probably also starved from waiting for me so long, takes a huge bite out of his toast. It feels good to enjoy a meal together. It just feels good to be alive. It's not long before I've snarfed down everything. 

"I feel really smelly now, I want to take a shower and a hot bath to relax." I say. "Please join me, Hisao." I say. He nods, we stand up and walk into the bathroom. Next to the large walk-in shower, there is a bath, big enough for two people to sit in. We didn't use it yet since we hadn't had the time. But we didn't make any plans for today, so today I'll be able to relax in it. Hisao turns on the water to fill the bath. I take off my clothes and step under the shower. Hisao leave the bath running, takes of his clothes, and joins me under the shower. He makes a small towel wet and rubs it with the soap until it's covered in foam. 

Then, gently he massages my neck, my back, my butt, and my  legs. I turn around, and put his hand with the soapy towel on my breast. He rubs my breast, my stomach, and the front of my legs but in such a way that it feels more caring than exciting. When he stands up again, I move in to kiss him passionately, but after a few moments he breaks away. 

"The bath is ready." he says. I let the shower wash away the suds, and I step out from the shower and in to the bath. Hisao quickly showers so he's clean for the bath, and then slips in the bath behind me, like a cushion for my back. His legs are left and right of me. I let my body rest against his chest and my head against his chin. I enjoy the hot water around me. Hisao rolls his thumbs over my neck and massages my muscles to make me even more relaxed. I start to get a bit impatient, and I slide my hand behind my back, towards Hisao's... but he takes my hand in his, lifts it up over my head and kisses it.

"Hanako, if you don't mind. There is something I'd like to talk about first." he says.
"Oh? what is is?" I ask. 
"It will be a rather long conversation, and I'd like go out and show you a few places in Paris so I can explain my feelings better." he says. 
"Yes, if you're up for it?" he asks
"OK, Hisao. It's only fair that you get to choose where we go at least once." I say. 
I've already waited five months, and I know that he wants to do it with me when the time is right. And there are a few places we haven't seen yet, so why not?
"So you want to guide me one time? I'm sure I'll enjoy it!" I say.
"Good, then please just relax for a bit longer, and then we can go." he says, and he massages my neck for a few minutes. It makes me feel wonderful and my head seems to clear out. My body feels as relaxed as jelly or as pudding, or as jelly pudding. 
"Well, are you ready to go?" he asks, and I nod. He steps out of the tub, and gallantly helps me get out as well. He dries my body with a towel, and I dry his. We get dressed, I put on my make-up as Hisao rereads the guide book to make sure he has his bearings, and we head out. 

This time Hisao leads me though the Metro and when we head up again, I look around and see The Eiffel Tower is nearby! 
"I tlought you wanted to see the big penis of Paris." Hisao jokes. 
"Well, If we went to Paris and we didn't make any pictures of the Eiffel tower, everyone in Japan would wonder what we'd been doing on our trip." I smile. Hand in hand we walk closer to the magnificent structure. We walk closer and after about ten minutes, I stop to take some pictures. Hisao enters the image, and then he takes some pictures of me. Finally I ask a passerby to take a picture of the both of us. 
"Isn't it impressive, how they built this more than one hundred years ago?" I say.
"Yes it is," Hisao says "But there is a dark side to the Eiffel tower. That was one of the things I wanted to talk about with you." 

"Oh, what is that then?" I ask him, surprised he brings up this topic now. 
"Every year, tree or four people jump down from there." he says. It strikes me... that's what he was worried about... yesterday... 
"Yesterday, when you cried so long, I wondered what you were so afraid of." he says. 
"After I carried you down the stairs, you seemed fine. So I though that you are not so afraid anymore of fire." he says  I lower my face.
"I... I-its true. " I say. "At first I p-panicked and got s-stuck when I though about f-fire. But I f-felt you n-needed me... so I could snap out of it."  My eyes are getting wet. Hisao puts his hands on my shoulders. "But t-then, when I heard it was a f-false alarm, I though about what could have h-happened to you... And I c-couldn't bear the t-thought. I-I don't want to loose you Hisao. I know I mean so m-much to you, and that is why you m-mean so much to me. So I c-cannot lose you! And thats is w-why... I couldn't stop crying... " I say as drops run down my cheeks. Hisao takes out his hankerchief and wipes my tears.

"I thought so... I also love you very much, and I don't want to loose you either. " he says. "But you and I know the facts well enough. You are a healthy lady, so you will likely live much longer than me. I cannot promise the impossible. One day, I will have to leave you. When that day comes, what will you do?" Hisao also now looks down. "If I had... passed away yesterday... what would you have done?" I wrap my arms around him and he embraces me in response. I feel like a strange calm come over me. I whisper in his ear.
"I am so sorry.... I though... If I lost you... I would die." I admit. "You and I think very much alike. The fact that you took me here shows that you understand my thoughts well. When I lost my parents, I fought everyday to stay alive. But yesterday I thought that if you'd died... I should die too. I should come here to jump down and end it." I confess.
"I thought so..." Hisao says, and now he cries in his turn. The bright light of the sun shines down upon me, and as the warm wind whispers around me. I see Hisao's tears glisten on his sad face. I take the handkerchief from his hand, I wipe them away, and suddenly my head feels completely clear and lucid.

"But not today! Not anymore! Never again I will think like that! " I burst out. 
"If you die forty years later, or twenty years later, or even today, I will live!  Because now I know that I live for you! While you are alive, I will live for you, and even after that I will live for you! Because that is the meaning of my life. So I will live! I promise, I swear! I will live!" I say. Hisao looks me in the eye and then hugs me even tighter.
"I am so happy to hear that! Please, live, Hanako, no matter what happens!" he says as his face clears up. "I will also live for you, as long as I can."
"It's a promise!" I say as I beam a smile. 
"A promise!" he says relieved. I step back, and we hook our pinkie fingers into each other's.
"But, there is one more place I want to show to you." he says.
"I don't know where it is, but I have a feeling I know what you want to tell me once we get there." I say. 
"I see, but let's talk when we get there, OK?" Hisao says. He takes me by the arm again, and leads me back to the Metro. A train later, we go up and find ourselves near a big square. We walk on a bit and I see...
"Ah, The Notre Dame church! thet's where e are going, right?" I say. 
"Not quite, but you please take a few pictures." Hisao says. 

So we take turns taking pictures. Hisao takes my hand again, and leads me on. We walk from the square, around the back side of the Notre Dame, and find a little green park there. The fence is open, and Hisao leads me though it, and then down a stair at the side of the green. This is the point of the island. At the side of the river, I see what looks like huge thorns in iron on the wall. They point towards a cramped opening in the opposing concrete wall. 

Though this gate, we head into the building that is lit inside by dim electric light. First there is a round room, with writings on the floors and walls. Then, in front of us, is an immensely deep hallway with in it, on the walls, uncountable glistening crystals. 
"Those crystals are lovely." I say, "But what is this place? I must have overlooked it in the guide." 
"This is the memorial for the martyrs of the deportation. There was only half a page about it in the book. During the second world war, two hundred thousand innocent people were taken away to Germany. None of them came back. They died there." Hisao says.
"But, that is awful! War is so awful!" I say. "So many... all died?"
"Everybody dies... but these people were taken away from their normal life and for what? Did they even have a chance to be happy?" Hisao says.
"Happiness..." I say "I knew you wanted to talk about that." I say.
"Yes, ... because even if you are determined live... even when I am gone, how will you live? Will it be again like it was ten year ago?" Hisao says with concern on his face. I take Hisao's hand and hold it up.

"I understand what you mean. When I lost my parents,... it was along time before I could truly be happy." I look to the hundred thousands of crystals, gently sparkling in the distant hallway. Somehow, I feel like they are encouraging me, and I realize what I must do. I face Hisao again. "If you are gone, then first, I will cry... but then after a few days, I will remember all the moments we had together. All the happiness. Even if it's only these few days of our honeymoon, we have had enough happy moments to last me a lifetime. I will remember them all my life and seal them in my heart. I will let these memories shine in me like these crystals, like the stars, like the sun."  I say 
"But such a life is also sad. It's merely living in the past." Hisao objects.
"Those memories will only be the beginning. I will not only remember. Once I have thought about and remembered every happy moment we had, then I will make these memories my strength. I will live, and make new happy memories. Even if you are not there to share with me, I will live for you, in your place, and find all the happiness I can, everywhere, anywhere, in any thing I do." I say, and a great deep  feeling of gratitude rises in my heart. "I will live happily! I promise I will live happily!" Tears run down Hisao's face again but he is smiling and he embraces me. 

"Thank you Hanako! That's what I had hoped you would tell me!" he says. We stand there, hugging each other for minutes. Then I remember where I am and I break the embrace.
"Hisao, let's thank all these people too." I face the crystals, fold my hands in front of my face, clap three times, and bow. May they rest in peace. I pray. I raise my head and I see that Hisao also followed after me and is praying. When he is finished, we turn around towards the exit, where the bright sunlight is peeking in. Arm in arm we walk towards the exit. 
"Hisao, I don't know when the day come that we will have to say goodbye. But until that day, let's make every day as happy as it can be." I say. Hisao nods.
"Hanako, it finally looks like you are ready." he says.

"Ready? how so?" I ask.
"Finally, you are ready to truly enjoy life, to truly enjoy love, and to truly enjoy sex as well." he says. It dawn upon me as we step out into the daylight.
"I still feel like I want to have sex with you as much as possible" I say, "But you are right. Before... I was merely following my desire... it feels like now, somehow, my heart has been opened. I feel light as a bird on the breeze..." I says and as we walk up the stairs and out of the memorial monument.
"Well, let's go back together then, to our love nest." he says.
"Don't get all corny on me!" I chide him, and we burst out in laughter. 
"Today has been a wonderful day!" I say. 
"I'm sure it will get even better!" Hisao says. 
We walk around the church, towards the Metro. I can see clearly now, Hisao is happy.  And I feel happy too. Just happy. 
























